# The Orchids Gambit

## Logline
(No logline provided)

## Genre
Drama

## Type
Single Project

## Synopsis
A young courtisan from the legendary brothel Lu Xian, Mei, their most valued jewel is of age. Groomed and taught the ways of intellect, seduction and pleasure she faces the day of her purchase. Suitors from everywhere attempt to win her heart and make a deal with her Madame Chou but only two suitors are left. A high ranked military general Zhoa and a grand merchent Min Zhu. From a distance she falls in love with the florist who owns the shop on the corner. Never meeting him but still knows him, every day he would tend to his flowers with instruments and primp and prime them, making them grow with his genlte touch and care. Mei would watch him unkowingly from her bedrooms patio she would watch him always in day and night dedicated to his craft. She grew to love him dearly. She dedicates to taking one shot at knowing true love, and to be cared for and treated anything like how Lin cares for his flowers. She approaches the Grand Merchent a betting man with her savings from dancing and hosting, and wages to self herself at a discount to him if she is too beat him at a game of go. If she wins he matches her payment and she buys her own freedom. The grand merchant agrees. Mei has a servent girl deliver a note to Lin on her behalf with instructions to only read it at evening, and on that fateful evening The Grand Merchant comes to her room where she waits for him sitting on the fine comfortable bamboo mats with a mahogany table with a wooden go board prepared for them. The game goes intentfully and she knows she is out matched. Mei then fallback on her teaching and deploys a manuever outside the realms of the game. She gets up and pours him a cup of tea standing over his shoulder. Untieing her hairs ribbon to let it fall over her shoulder wafting her scene across his face. She leans in pouring the tea while her bosom gently presses against his ear, and then she retakes her seat. Flustered by the warm presence and scent the merchants mind wanders. He imagine standing behind her, sliding her blue kimono off her shoulders, laying her down on the red silken bedding and pulling her legs around him while he falls ontop of her. Then with a decisive click he snaps out of his daydream to encounter a decisive move. He had lost. Keeping to his agreement Mei gives him her bag of money and he goes and pays for her. Mei now free runs across the pressed dirt road to the florist shop who sits inside with a latern lit at his table holding the note. He read alound to himself, in parallel time to the game. "I have seen you every day, and yet I know you have never seen me. I have watched you love your flowers in everyway, and I have come to know my love through you. I do not know what my future brings to me or if you will ever meet me. But I cannot wait to have my chance for you to see me. I ask that you accept me and treat me like your flowers every day and teach me how you love, know I will give everything I have for that opportunity. From the terrace over your shop Mei." As then a knock on the door happens, Lin startled approaches the door slowly and opens it to see the most beautiful woman he has ever seen bear foot hair blown in the wind wildy across her face. She looks up to him and smiles. The end.
